Anthropic engineers, on average, ship
eight times as much code per quarter as
they did compared to 2025. [music]
>> Coding is no longer the bottleneck. It's
lifted the ceiling of what anyone is
able to do.
>> Everything is now possible in theory.
Now, it's about how ambitious [music]
can you be?
>> It's always something we ask ourselves,
what's better than me doing it? Haven't
thought, David.
>> The people that seem to be doing best
are taking the most initiative, getting
the most proactive, have the most
agency.
>> We say with high agency is also high
accountability. So, it's all about
making sure folks have that freedom to
code. But, then it's also like, okay,
what's the accountability for it? What's
the hypothesis of what you're trying to
solve?
>> I'm curious what is lost in this new
world of software engineering.
>> It can start being a lonely experience
cuz we all started just working with our
agent so much. And on the Claude Code
team, recently, we started up pair-wise
programming lunch.
>> Something you think about is this gap
forming [music] between people that are
leaning into AI, killing it, and then
people that are not, super frustrated,
fighting, resisting.
>> In terms of frustration, I think
sometimes I also see a little bit of
fear. For anything that there is a fear,
my advice is lean in and ask, [music]
"What can I do about it? What is within
my control?"
>> Today, my guest is Fiona Fung. Fiona
leads the teams behind Claude Code and
co-work at Anthropic. She oversees both
Boris Cherney and Kat Wu, both of whom
who have been on the podcast and whose
episodes are in the top 10 most listened
to episodes of all time. Before
Anthropic, at Microsoft, Fiona ran the
teams that built TypeScript and Visual
Studio. After that, she went to
Facebook, where she started the Facebook
Marketplace team, which [music] she took
from idea to launch. Today, Facebook
Marketplace generates over 100 billion
dollars in GMV every year. Also, while
at Meta, she oversaw work on Meta's
first smart glasses product, and then
she helped build Orion, their first AR
glasses product. Then, she went
Instagram, where she led infrastructure,
growth, integrity, and safety teams.
While at Instagram and at Meta, she
[music] oversaw an org of over 500
people. Fiona has been an engineer for
over 25 years and as a long-time
engineering leader, especially now
[music] at Anthropic, she has such a
unique lens into where things are
heading, what's worth paying attention
to, and what teams should be thinking
about right now as [music] AI transforms
the world of building. A huge thank you
to Kat Lo, Boris Cherney, and Mohammad
[music] Hegazi for suggesting topics and
questions for this conversation. Before
we get into it, don't forget to check
out Lenny's product pass.com
>> [music]
>> for a free year of the hottest and most
well-crafted AI products in the world
available exclusively to Lenny's
newsletter subscribers. With that, I
bring you Fiona Fung.
>> [music]
>> Fiona, thank you so much for being here
and welcome to the podcast.
>> Thanks so much for having me, Lenny.
>> So, I was at the Claude uh Code with
Claude event uh I don't know, a month
ago at this point and I was and I went
to your talk and I I was just like, holy
I got to get Fiona on this
podcast. She's thinking so far ahead of
where everybody else is going and what
where people are at with AI. So, you've
been an engineer for 25 years. I was
browsing your LinkedIn. Uh you started
at IBM of all places. Such a different
[laughter]
place to be these days.
And it's just insane how much the job of
an engineer has changed over the past
just like 2 years. It's like a
completely different job. Like, people
may forget 100% of code was written by
humans not long ago.
And now it's getting to 100% of code
written by AI. Uh as Boris uh famously
said, code coding is salt.
Along these lines, there's just this
tweet that you guys put out yesterday
where you showed uh here's the tweet.
Anthropic engineers on average ship
eight times as much code per quarter as
they did compared to 2021 to 2025. We'll
show this chart on the screen. It's just
like stable stable stable stable boom
shooting off into the moon. So, it's
just insane how much this role has
changed. I'm curious about your kind of
path as an engineer going living through
this, having been an engineer for a long
time, what have been kind of like the
big moments along the way where it's
shifted your
way of thinking and operating that have
led you to what you do now and how you
operate now?
>> Oh, I I I love this kind of look back in
time. Yeah, like IBM, working on DB2,
the operating system services team. Like
back then I was thinking, oh, how can I
how can I be like the like what's a hard
area of the stack? And I really thought
the lower level you go closer to the OS,
then it's like more hardcore and you you
learn more. So that was a I was really
fortunate to gotten into the IBM
internship. Um but the funny thing was I
would I think there's even a big shift
from IBM to Microsoft. So at IBM it was
I think Vim. Like I didn't have an IDE
that we used. I think there might have
been
an Eclipse license, but for some reasons
most of us didn't use it. So I remember
it it was mainly like Vim and and you
know, like kind of terminal debugging.
And then when I joined Microsoft, I mean
this is how naive I was. I didn't even
know about IDEs and such and and back
then you didn't really get to pick
teams. Like this was early 2000s.
Actually first off I should say I was so
grateful that I landed the internship
and the role cuz to take us all the way
back in time the dot com bubble burst in
2000.
And so for my graduating class like a
lot of the companies weren't hiring or
or were having freezes. So I'm so
fortunate when Microsoft extended me an
offer.
And so they're like you're going to work
on Visual Studio. I did not even know
what Visual Studio was cuz I came from
like a Unix school. So I remember to
asking, oh, this cuz I was thinking,
well, the name Visual Studio, I'm like,
oh, is this like a a better paint
program? And I could tell the look of my
manager's face like, what is going on?
>> [laughter]
>> But then it ended up becoming like the
love of my life for the first, you know,
11 years of of my career. But that was
the first time I used an IDE. So joining
the Visual Studio team, seeing, oh, wow,
like here's an IDE with like debuggers
and you can set breakpoints and do
multi-threaded debugging. Like that was
also always mind-blowing for me to think
about the the stepwise change. Um so
yeah, like that was kind of the story
going from I beam to Visual Studio. And
then what I really loved actually about
Visual Studio is I was on the Visual
Studio editor team. So I use a VS editor
to build the VS editor and that's where
my whole love of dog feeding comes from.
Like I I remembered I wanted to first
and foremost create a delightful
experience not only for myself, but for
my teammates. Cuz also if we go back in
that time, if you remember, I mean when
did Twitter come out? Like was it two
2000 and six or something?
>> it's been around my whole life.
>> [laughter]
>> But back then, like before social media,
it was also harder for most engineers to
um
hear fast customer feedback. Like for
sure there you would be user research
sessions or we would have customers
visit us.
But you didn't get the rapid feedback
that you you you you do nowadays. But
back then I was so lucky because I was
on VS. We ourselves gave each other so
much rapid feedback cuz we were all
heavy VS users on the team.
>> This episode is brought to you by our
season's presenting sponsor WorkOS. What
do OpenAI, Anthropic, Cursor, Vercel,
Replit, Sierra, Clay, and hundreds of
other winning companies all have in
common? They are all powered by WorkOS.
If you're building a product for the
enterprise, you've felt the pain of
integrating single sign-on, SCIM, RBA,
audit logs, and other features required
by large companies. WorkOS turns those
deal blockers into drop-in APIs with a
modern developer platform built
specifically for B2B SaaS. Literally
every startup that I'm an investor in
that starts to expand upmarket [music]
ends up working with WorkOS. And that's
because they are the best. Whether you
are seed stage startup trying to land
your first enterprise customer or
unicorn expanding globally, WorkOS is
the fastest path to becoming enterprise
ready and unblocking growth. It's
essentially Stripe for enterprise
features. Visit workos.com to get
started or just hit up their Slack where
they have actual engineers waiting to
answer your questions. WorkOS allows you
to build faster with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to workos.com
to make your app enterprise-ready today.
>> People think about these milestones
along the way of an engineer's journey
and we forget there's also there's been
like a lot of transformation over the
years. Not quite what we're living
through, but just like IDEs, Visual
Studio. Uh so I love that I love that
you're reminding us of these moments in
uh the history of software engineering
that that have changed the the work in a
big way.
>> Yeah, when I worked on Visual Studio
back then we also shipped software on
CDs.
I mean [laughter] before like and and
that's why there were really hard
deadlines cuz you had to make sure the
software is ready for us to give to
manufacturing to then, you know, put on
the CDs for us to then put on the
shelves. And uh and then so once that
was another shift when we actually
started to be able to, you know, ship
software online. And I think that's the
interesting thing and I kind of
mentioned this in my talk. It's before
when you like engineering time was like
like really precious resource. But you
also have these really hard deadlines,
for example, like printing
[clears throat] software on CDs. And so
back then you would do a lot more
planning cuz you just wanted to make
sure given the time you have, you you
make the best of it. And that's the
shift that, you know, like we're seeing
with with uh Clockwork and Co-work is
coding is no longer the bottleneck. And
so now like, you know, you showed up you
showed the the tweet and that graphic.
So but now it's all about like where has
that shift happened? Like now not only
engineers but we also have designers,
PMs, everybody on the Clockwork team
checks in code. So like when not only
more people checking in code but like
kind of different disciplines, but also
the throughput is so high. How do we
think about verification? Like that's
kind of this other shift that I'm
seeing.
>> Maybe just kind of set this theme that I
want to have for this conversation. A
lot of people are just wondering what is
what is software engineering, managing
software engineers, managing software
and product teams look like in the
future and you are living through that
right now. So, you mentioned this um
point about a more focus on
verification, making sure the quality of
the code being
uh 8X is actually high and something uh
that's that you know that will work. So,
just like let me ask this broad question
and let's kind of see where this
conversation goes. What is a What does
an AI-pilled software team look like in
2026?
>> Because the roles are blowing, it's
shifting more to this builder
uh like everybody starts being a a a
builder, I would say. The other shift
that I've recently done is I actually
have a cloud code remote session that I
enlist in all of our repos. And so, this
way I have full visibility into the work
that everybody's doing. And this
instance it also has access to all our
Slack channels and and I'll I'll have
access to like how how are the metrics
of of everything we track. And so, every
month like I when when like I have been
like, "Hey, you know what's fun? Like
let's let's take a look back." Like and
so, we'll actually do it together. I'll
share my, you know, like cloud code you
know, I've shared my screen and we we we
do a cloud code
session. And it's just about, "Hey, what
were the focus areas? Like what were
some of the the products that got
shipped? How did they do? Oh, what were
the feedback channels?" And and so, I
even though like before I would have
just used these sessions to like
generate PRs and bug fixes, I actually
have these sessions to enable me to have
conversations with folks that I support.
>> Say more about that. So, this is this is
like a management technique, let's say,
to help people
not just ship, but actually
ship better understand if they're
shipping things that have impact. Is
that kind of the idea here? Just like
use cloud to keep on top of all the
things people are shipping and then make
that a conversation with them.
>> Exactly. So, like yeah, outside of just,
you know, the action of shipping is how
did it do in market? Or hey, did we
have, you know, like did we cause some
bugs? And it's okay to like I have this
saying, "Make new mistakes." Like it's
okay to make mistakes, just make new
ones so that we're always learning cuz
if you aim to make zero mistakes, like
that probably means you're not, you
know,
moving fast enough or being a little bit
too cautious. And so yeah, by by having
Claude, like so then it can also look at
like some like for example, actually,
yeah, we were I was just looking at, oh,
you know, given some of the, you know,
incidents that we have, like let's look
across all of this. Can we generate a
theme? Like what's a good area
investment for us not just especially
when we think about like quality. Like
are we seeing any hot spots of where
there could be a gap? I think that used
to be just a much more manual uh
process, I would say. Like if I look
back a year ago, I don't think I would
have been able to, you know, have some
of these insights with Claude.
>> Yeah, well, partly is cuz like there's
that and also people weren't shipping as
much, so you could just make a little
bullet list. Here's the things I shipped
last quarter. This feature, that
feature, this feature, that feature. So
I think what I'm hearing here is this is
like one of the only ways to stay on top
of all the things that 8 mate is
shipping.
So this is a really cool thread of just
like how you found ways to stay on top
of this 8 X increase in code. What else
has worked in helping you and your team
stay on top of and maintain quality of
all the stuff that y'all are shipping
cuz that's obviously a challenge, a
bigger challenge.
>> Yeah, and so definitely like the
feedback channels are really important
to us, but then we also get a lot of
feedback and like for example, even I
myself usually what my my morning ritual
would be, you know, I get my morning cup
of coffee and then I look at the
feedback channels and then I try to pick
up what are, you know, if I have some
maker time, what's something that maybe
I would be able to help out or what I
could like see some gaps. Like that just
used to be something I would do every
morning.
And uh yeah, I think maybe a month or
two ago we we launched routines. And
that's also completely changed. Like now
I just have a routine that automates all
this for me and then there's also it's
almost like before I would, you know, be
able to kind of like,
you know, generate some prompts, but now
with routines, it's almost like I'm,
you know, having an agent help me
generate the like generate the prompts
and the PR. So for example, one is,
"Hey, keep a look on this feedback
channel, you know, what are some of the
themes?" And then like when I wake up,
then you know, I have a really good
summary of that. And then even some like
PRs that I'll be able to take a look and
review.
>> And the feedback channel, where's that
feedback coming from? Is that like
like emails, Twitter's, or a combo of
everything?
>> [laughter]
>> Our feedback channels are definitely
like we have a lot from internal and but
also like emails, channels. Actually,
everybody like when we all get feedback
on even like when friends ping us or on
LinkedIn or socials, we'll all actually
like post all of that in Slack as well.
And so and and we also have like of
course partnerships. And so we have
different channels for for all the
various sources. But but that's what I
mean of I need Claude's help to help me
stay on top because there's so much
incoming feedback.
>> Got it. Okay, so this is cool. So, this
is a
like a way of working that you've built
to stay on top of all the stuff shipping
which is this kind of daily ritual /
routine where you as a manager look at
what people are saying about the current
state of
Claude Code and Co-work and used to just
like okay, someone go fix this, go fix
that. Now it's like here's the PR that
will fix this thing, check it out. We're
ready to ship it if you want.
>> That's right.
>> Okay, like obviously a big challenge for
people is also just code review. I
imagine Claude is also doing a lot of
its own code reviews. There anything
there you've
recently figured out that allows your
teams to ship faster stuff that they are
confident is great?
>> Yeah, and honestly, it's crazy when you
think we didn't even have Claude Code
Reviews last year. And so speaking of
bottlenecks, that that was a really
really big bottleneck of, you know, the
human reviewers. So, we definitely for
the important like like areas that need
deep subject matter expertise, we
definitely want to make sure we have the
proper you know, like human still
reviewing. I would say what helps us
though is the more that we can automate
to almost check in the framework for
what good looks like. Claude is very
good when you give it a framework to
validate against those frameworks. So, I
had mentioned like you know our late you
know like recently we just updated the
content design to to have a scale in it.
Like my like I and this is why like um I
think if you have specs or like or like
like check those into the repo and then
make sure the spec also keeps up to date
with the code like frequently. But
that's what I found like works really
well of any time you have like a
statement of what good looks like, get
that into the repo and then Claude code
review can make sure it's still matching
what you set up to do.
>> Basically, it's like a the evolution of
test-driven development.
>> Yes, for TDD it's cuz I remember that
was like a a big thing my gosh maybe
like in the 2000s of write the test
first and then and then you can like
make sure the test fails then you do
actually the code. In principle, it's
really good but I think I know I
remember that I myself struggling a bit
because it was almost like you have to
eat the broccoli first. That's why I'm
like ah you have to write this test
first and I just get so much thrill out
of shipping and building product. So,
that's funny. Actually, the first bug I
fixed on Claude code I remember asking
Claude, "Hey, I want to do test-driven
development. Help me write the test
first. Make sure it fails and then we'll
actually, you know, do the fix and then
and then now that test pass." And the
fact that that used to be, you know,
like that test generation used to just
be this tax that I remember having to
pay. Like the fact that that's now
automated and you can even revisit all
these principles that have been around
for a while but now they actually might
be even more efficient just because you
have the models that can do more of the
work for you.
>> Yeah, like that's it's so unfair. It
just writes the test for you first.
>> [laughter]
>> So, on this point of builders, one of my
favorite slides from your talk that um I
want to ask you about is
who you are hiring and who what you look
for in people. And so, I'll read what
you said there and I want to hear more
here. So, the two profiles that you now
look for when you're hiring are creative
builders with product sense and deep
systems experts for the hard parts.
>> Yeah, the deep subject matter expertise.
Like for example, when I first joined
Cloud Code, we had really great kind of
like product generalists. And then I
realized, oh, we were missing folks with
systems background. And so, that was
definitely an area that we we needed
more folks with kind of like systems and
distributed systems expertise.
And so, I would say whatever are the
parts that it's all about trust but
verify. The models are really good, but
there are definitely a lot of areas that
still need verification. And so,
wherever you need the deep subject
matter expertise, I would say that's,
you know, an area to definitely still
invest in.
And the other one is kind of like the
the product the product sense works
almost like the dreamers. Like these are
folks that usually will be like, "Oh my
gosh, I'm really passionate about a
product." And they have an idea, they
build it, and then it's always like
looking at the feedback, and then
iterating, and polishing, and making
sure that the product is a delightful
experience. Like owning that product
end-to-end. Uh that's that's like
another skill set that served us really
well on Cloud Code.
>> This super resonates. There's this word
ambition. I don't know if you used it,
but that's what I thought of as you were
talking. That's been coming up a bunch
recently in the podcast and in other
work I've been doing. There's this 10X
engineer I was talking to the other day,
and he was just like, "I used to like I
heard about a feature idea, like I have
someone's like, 'Hey, we should build
this.' And I was like, 'No, that's
really hard and complicated.' And he's
like, 'But now I'm like, no, no, that's
so possible. I just ask Cloud Code to do
it.' And it just does it. And it's this
whole mindset shift. And he's just
realizing now it's about how ambitious
can you be? Like everything is now
possible in theory. Now it's about how
ambitious and how big can you think
versus just like, 'Okay, it's all these
stupid little features and things I have
to unblock.' Does that Does that
resonate? Is that something that you
think about?
>> Yeah, so actually I was just catching up
with an engineer yesterday, and Um, uh,
actually is not a mobile engineer by
trade, but we really needed to, uh,
update this feature to also have, uh, a
mobile footprint. And it was just
amazing. Like he's like, "You know
what?" Cuz it it it and it's common cuz
you might think, "Wait, but I don't I'm
not like an Android expert." But now,
thanks to Claude, actually I can
actually have a partner and actually
also do this on the mobile surfaces. And
so that definitely resonates. It's like
the it's lifted the ceiling of what and
anyone is able to do.
>> Let me follow that thread.
As the role has transformed in such a
crazy way,
some people are thriving, some people
super frustrated, unhappy, fighting,
resisting.
What do you see common across the people
that are doing really well, the
engineers that have adapted and are
thriving, versus the engineers and, you
know, even outside engineering that are
just like frustrated and having a bad
time?
>> I would say that a growth mindset
really, really helps. Like actually even
before, um, AI tooling, I found that has
been just so valuable. And I I learned
that a lot. Actually it was the shift
from that, um, Microsoft to Meta. That
was where I first real That first year
I'm like, "Oh, this is what having a
growth mindset really means." It's
really this concept of always be
learning. Be also what served you to get
you to this point may not uh, will serve
you no longer. But it's really hard
because, of course, everybody like we
all, you know,
we've all gotten to the state by acting
or, you know, like operating in a
certain way. And so sometimes it is a
little bit scary to think, "Wait, you're
ask like but I've been successful so
far. You're asking me to change what has
made me successful." And so I I would
say like the growth mindset is is
really, really has has really served me
well and I think it's also served others
well, um, that that I notice. Like
always leaning in with curiosity and
always being able to learn. Um,
and then in terms of like the
frustration, I think sometimes I also
see a little bit of fear.
And so my advice there is at least this
is how just in life I
cuz we all have and fear is of course an
evolutionary like I I didn't study
anthropology, but I think it you know,
it makes sense, right? It helps us make
sure we were able to survive and not get
eaten and you know, by by larger
predators.
But for anything that you know, that
that there is a fear my advice is kind
of lean in and ask, "Okay, is there some
what can I do about it? What is within
my control?"
Cuz sometimes the frustration comes from
fear and feeling like but everything is
outside of my control and so it's
happening to me.
And so if you think about, "Okay, what
is in your control?" Um
it instead of happening to you, is it
happening for you? And then what's
what's something that you might be able
to kind of like do and change? Like I
felt that's been helpful cuz if not it
it it it is super frustrating to have
the fear and then feeling like
everything's outside of your control.
Like I actually remembered um
when I was in actually when I was in
high It's funny when we were going back
to IBM. When I was in high school, I
actually didn't go into computer science
or engineering. Like I really want to be
a visual artist. And this is how far
back we go. Back then computers were
really expensive. I actually didn't even
have access to a computer. My first
computer with access to computer was
grade nine I think in high school. I
don't even know this happens in high
school anymore. My high school had a
typing class. You know, a typing class
just to learn how to type on a keyboard
and learn to be really proficient and
that was my first time and then you
know, the next class was maybe like some
HTML programming. So anyways, it it it
but the reason why I fell in love with
it was while what I love about art is
creating and being able if you have an
idea, you can go ahead and create and
tell story. And then I realized, "Oh,
computers and programming, you know,
that that's that's enables me to do
that." So anyways, I I tried to really
fast try to make up for all the, you
know, science classes for me to get into
university, but I had this fear of, "Oh,
but how will I afford to get into an
engineering school?"
And it was this big unknown. I grew up
in Ontario, so I was very grateful. I
knew there was an Ontario, you know,
school assistance program, OSAP, I think
it's called, which I'm very grateful
for, but I didn't know how much of that
would cover my tuition or like expenses,
and it was just this unknown, and it
would be like a year a year out. And I
remember thinking, "Okay, what can I
what can I do about it?" And then as as
luck would have it, the National Bank of
Canada just posted this flyer in our
high school saying, "Hey, we're hiring
high school interns to be a bank
teller."
And I remembered, "Oh, that like I And
of course it was going to be minimum
wage, but I I I I thought that that
could be a lifeline." But it was funny
cuz the class I hated the most in high
school was accounting, so I don't know
if I'd be any good at it at all, but I
signed up to be a bank teller, and that
ended up being such a great decision cuz
I worked all summer, saved up, and then
then actually I was able to work as a
bank teller on the weekends. So, like
yeah, well I would went to I would go to
school Monday to Friday, and then on
Saturday I'd be a bank teller, and that
ended up being this lifeline that
enabled me to, you know, like pay for
all my school expenses. Um and you know,
we talked about the the year 2000 dot
com crash, then when folks weren't
hiring as much interns, actually I
continued being a bank teller for for
two two years. And And so, but
but like that was the one action I
thought I could take that was within my
control to try to counter this fear I
have of if I'm really going to go down
this path, I don't even know if I could
have afforded to go to school. So,
that's probably my other advice of like
growth mindset, and
the source of, you know, frustration or
anxiety, if it's coming from, you know,
the like see is there some Is there one
action that's within your control that
you can take um to, you know, so it it
it like cuz I think there's you you
there there was a saying like do
something What would you do if you're
not afraid actually? Those were my two
favorite sayings before like what would
you do if you're not afraid and do
something scary once in a while cuz
that's also usually how we grow. Um I
found that when you're when you're
really good and professional at what you
do, you're kind of at peak, you know,
like maximum efficiency, but then how do
you keep growing is you then do
something scary that you might not have
done before and yeah, you will cut have
a dip because you need to learn.
But that's kind of how you um keep
pushing yourself to learn.
>> The quote that I have probably used the
most on this podcast of all quotes is
the cave you fear contains the treasure
you seek.
>> Oh, I love that.
>> Yeah, and it's so true. Just like like I
forget who put this, but just the thing
that is scariest is like that's a
compass towards that's what you should
be doing.
>> Mhm. I'm going to I'm going to steal
your quote.
>> Yeah, then please do. Like, you know,
there's like don't do all the scary
things, like maybe don't jump off a
cliff, but maybe in career in career
moves it's probably a good a good
choice.
So, kind of following this path,
something that
I know that is important to you,
something you think about that I also
think about is this kind of gap that is
forming between people that are just
like leaning into AI, killing it, doing
super well, and then people that are
just like not. And this is like
a scary time for people that may be left
behind in this uh new world that is
emerging. Uh I know you spend a lot of
time with small businesses. That's a big
passion of yours to help people learn
how to use AI in their work. Talk about
just like how you think about that and
what maybe we should be thinking about
to help folks, you know, stay not not
fall behind basically.
>> Oh, I I I love this. Yeah, it's one of
my passion topics cuz uh I kind of
mentioned, you know, like growing up in
Canada. Um and I I moved there when I
was a kid. Uh I was born in Hong Kong.
So, I didn't speak any English and my
parents had to work all the time. So, my
grandma who is the best grandma that
anyone could have ever asked for. I know
everybody thinks their grandma's the
best, but I really was so lucky. I had
the best grandma. She moved with us uh
just to take care of me while my parents
were working. But neither of us spoke
English, but I was able to learn how to
speak English by you know going to
school and speaking with classmates. And
when I think about my grandma, it was a
very alienating for her to be you know
in the country new country where and you
know back then it wasn't as walkable. Um
but one summer I remembered we just
happened to find this little yarn shop
uh that was owned by a lady that also
spoke Cantonese. And so that became
every week to this yarn shop this summer
and my grandma found her knitting circle
and then I think I learned how to do
like macrame.
Uh which I think is having a comeback by
the way. It's all it's always funny to
see what's
>> Macrame coming back?
>> Macrame I think yeah. You heard it here
first on Lenny's podcast. I think
macrame's coming back.
>> All right.
>> Um but but that was probably where my
love came from. I'm like oh wow this
little small business created this
wonderful sense of community. And I've
been really fortunate to you know become
friends with all the small businesses
that that I love. So that that's kind of
like where the passion comes from. And
then um what how it happened was I was
using Co-work for my own uh business uh
expensing travel. I don't know what it
is. I really don't like doing business
expensing. And when I was using Co-work,
it was magic. I'm like
all these things that I don't like to do
like Co-work is doing for me. And I'm
like wait a minute all my friends and
honestly small business owners they
really bust their butt. Like they work
incredibly hard um and they use you know
like sometimes might be operating on
really small margins.
And so I thought if it's if Cloud
Co-work is so good at helping me do my
little you know business travel expense,
this would be huge for it cuz I I see my
friends sometimes sitting at the bar
with stacks of bills and all they're
doing is invoicing and expensing. And
and I think nobody actually really likes
to do it. So that's kind of uh where it
came from. And then so yeah I remembered
uh
like helping uh a couple of them
onboard. And and uh it was also very
humbling to to see them go through our
onboarding flow. Actually, it found some
really good bugs. So, [snorts] it was
really like a win-win, but it was also
delightful for me cuz they also use Coda
in in ways that I I wouldn't have
thought about cuz I was all fixated on
look at how it is amazing with PDFs and
invoice. And then, um
you know, one of my friends who who runs
two restaurants, she's like, "Oh my
gosh, this folder I have is like a junk
drawer of like it it's basically our,
you know, documents folder just becomes
this junk drawer of every or downloads
like just a you know, like junk drawer.
And she's like, "I know I have a few
menus in here and I can't find it." And
I'm like, "Well, let's ask Coda." So, we
gave Coda access to directory, found the
menus. And then, she uses it in a really
unique way. She goes like, "I want to
make sure I keep my prices reasonable
for locals and tourists." So, she goes,
"Hey Claude, look across my style of
cuisine in this area is a comparable."
And it came back with really cool almost
like market analysis. And she goes,
"Hey, I actually just went to that
restaurant in Seattle and that was
pretty good." Um so, I learn something
every time. And uh and yeah, they've
been like giving me great feedback as
well.
>> So, the question then is just like how
do we how do we spread this to
everybody? Because as you see, you know,
there's like like a lot of people are
just like, "I don't have time for this."
Or "I hate AI." It's just like I want to
ignore it. Is it like talking is it just
talking about this sharing examples?
What do you think? How do it What's like
a way to make a dent in this
uh in this problem?
>> For all of us as especially to your
listeners are probably very AI pilled.
If there's anyone either in their
community or their family that that has
like I would start with what has
something that really you felt um
has that you really have felt has made a
meaningful life change uh for you with
with the AI tools. And then, seeing if
that is a conversation starter for cuz
for me AI is a tool. Again, it's the
whole light in the dark. I totally
understand the frustrating part as well.
But for me, I'm also felt like knowledge
is power. Like have to learn how to use
the tools because it could actually, you
know, be the light part of that light
and dark equation. So, I think that that
would that's something that I would love
everybody's help with of if there's
whether it's a community member or even
if there's a business you really like
and think, "Hey, have you ever It's It's
It's a little awkward to start." Like I
remember when I first reached out to my
friends, I'm like, cuz I don't talk
about what I do
with them a lot, but I'm like, "Hey, I
kind of you know, work in AI. Can I Can
I It sounds It's It's even unnatural for
me to do cuz I'm you know, like, I'm
like, "Hey, can I show you what you
know, Codoxer is possible?" And and and
then but it end up we end up having a
lot of fun. So, yeah, I would love for
like that conversation starter
would be great of Yeah, cuz I just want
to make sure we keep sharing the the
knowledge and you know, making the tool
equitable cuz if not, I'm
concerned that the divide grows larger
and larger.
>> Me, too.
I find that sharing use cases as you
said is it's so powerful. I was just
using Codoxer the other day to fill out
my my son's camp forms. And just sharing
that on Twitter just like a lot of
people are like, "Oh, wow, I didn't
think about that."
Yeah, it's just like these little things
you don't think about that Codoxer and
Claude can do.
Kind of along those lines, speaking of
Codoxer,
if you think about it, Anthropic has
been super early on uncovering these
really big opportunities ahead of
everyone else. For example, coding. So
far ahead. Like realizing this is a huge
market. Whether it was intentional or
not, uh it was just like, "Whoa, that's
maybe the biggest
new business opportunity in history." Uh
and then Codoxer is a great example just
leaning into knowledge work. Let's just
make Let's just solve all the knowledge
work. Why not?
So far ahead of everyone else.
Another element is it feels like a focus
on the personality of the model,
something you all were very early on
just how important that is. Not just for
the experience, but just also the
intelligence and success of the model.
What is it that you think Anthropic and
the teams do
differently that allows you to uncover
these opportunities and then just go big
on them before other labs, let's say.
>> Well, I haven't worked in any other
labs, so I'm not sure how other labs
operate, but I I will share like yeah,
with um
and like actually on the Claude Code
team as well and co-work like we also
keep an eye on like latent demand. Now,
we're very fortunate with coding as a
use case because so many ants that we
were, you know, like our our own first
customers and we're able to do like
really rapid feedback and and so I think
um but latent demand has has been like a
like for example, like co-work we
noticed hey, a lot of folks that were
not necessarily coders were were using
Claude Code. Can we make that experience
better? Um I think that's actually even
outside of Anthropic that served me well
in in all the different products I've
worked on. Um but uh and and actually
it's funny you mentioned like, you know,
the the Claude's for uh you know, my
passion with small business after I, you
know, had had a few of these visits, we
ended up now launching Claude for small
business.
Which is really cool cuz I and and it
totally didn't come from me, so I'm not
taking credit, but I noticed it too of
like when I was working with and they
because they were asking me, oh, does it
have this plugin right this plugin? I'm
like, I think it does and then we have
to, you know, go and search for it. So,
actually now Claude with small business
bundles it all up, so inside co-work you
just have this little toggle. And uh
there were there were there was a
wonderful team that's been kind of like
uh
you know, doing uh co-work sessions with
small business that probably found hey,
we could have like an efficiency gain
here. Um
or like make the experience better.
And so I would I would say like always
uh not only for products that you're on
like making sure you're always
you know, listening to feedback and
always iterating, trying to make a
delightful, reliable, high-quality
experience, but then also keeping an eye
out for oh, what are these other use
cases that that are popping up and can
we also make that experience better? Um
it's it's interesting like after like,
you know, in software I've learned that
customers will use your product in ways
that you did not intend for good or for
bad. And so the the best way is really
like it's all about the iteration learn
and keep close to the feedback.
>> Wait in demand. That's a that term's
come up a bunch on this podcast.
>> It's on there.
>> Might be something there.
>> So essentially it's just watching
closely for
behavior that you may not have expected
or that is just kind of emerging.
And then just going big on that
essentially, exploring it, building
something.
>> Yeah.
And having a hypothesis for hey, like
because actually when you see people
jumping through hoops to make something
work,
can you actually make that an even like
a smoother and and better experience?
>> Yeah.
Coming back to the way that your teams
operate,
you guys are so at the edge of what's
possible.
And the role of just engineering has
changed so much. I'm curious what you
think is the next kind of frontier of
how engineering in particular is going
to change. Is it like I don't know,
fleets of agents? Is it something else?
Just like what's like the next big shift
to how engineers operate that either
you're already working on or
implementing or just like it's starting
to happen?
>> I would say we're shifting more towards
async, like asynchronous. And so to your
point, the the fleets of agent, like
that that's why routines is so
interesting cuz almost like I used to be
like you know, doing a prompt and
synchronously. And then I would like
maybe like kick off different prompts
async asynchronously. But now I can
actually have a routine that actually
generates, you know, these these prompts
for me. So it's almost like the level of
abstraction keeps pulling up a little
bit. And so I I would yeah, I
wish I had a crystal ball to see what
this is going to look like. It'll be fun
actually for you and me to revisit a
year from now.
>> No, I I want to hear more about this.
This is So help us understand what is
what is routines and then what is what
do you say asynchronous? You're
writing a prompt and it just kind of
goes off and is it writing it
immediately? Talk about what this
actually looks like.
>> Uh yeah, so routines is like how you can
like so if you remember I was talking
about my what I used to do is always
like you know, wake up with my morning
cup of coffee and hey, look at through
this slack channel for me. But then now
like I have a routine that I set to run
every morning at a certain time to say
hey.
>> Mhm, that's right. But then it's able to
actually go and kick off agents on your
behalf. And so that's cuz like that's
what like you know, even you know,
before it would be oh you you could like
yeah, do a cron job to automate like but
now it's hey, look at these feedback and
then if you're seeing some of these bugs
that what are some polish fixes that you
might be able to to knock out and then
it would like go kick off and then I
wake up and I end up having PR's that I
could review versus before which is
still more of a kind of different agents
that and then it's still I'm still
thinking about okay, now what do I do
with this information? So it's like that
higher level abstraction of okay, now
how can I actually write a routine that
also basically does prompts for me for
spawning different agents. So I think
we'll we'll move more towards that kind
of like asynchronous style of working.
>> So interesting. So like in a sense as a
manager, you have these kind of things
you do daily and what you're saying here
is you can set up these prompts that
kind of check in every day on the things
you would have be be doing like how are
the projects going? What's falling
behind? What should I unblock? Who is
who's struggling?
What's how do I fix some improve some
some polish? And so the idea here what
you're describing here is kind of write
these things that you almost do as a
manager daily and have Claude
essentially do them for you and then
show you here's what I'm doing here's
what I here's what there's to review.
>> And then it's it's even like then giving
even more autonomy at some point of it.
You know what like go for it. Like for
example, if the verification is really
good, go go [laughter] for it.
>> see. So you give it like a little bit of
freedom to do more of this.
Yeah. That is so interesting. It reminds
me speaking on this idea of go for it. I
don't like I wasn't planning to talk
about this, but I just watched Tyler
Cowen had this awesome talk about just
like what's happening. I don't know if
you know Tyler Cowen is really smart
dude economist has a podcast.
And he just had like there's so much
talk of
the people that are doing best in this
world,
his term is initiative. They have
initiative. Another term people use
agency.
Is that something just like you know
people hear this a lot just like the
people that seem to be doing best are
taking the most initiative, getting the
most proactive, have the most agency.
Does that Does that kind of spark any
thoughts to you just what people may
need to I don't know think about or
improve on?
>> Actually that's agent it's that word
agency. That's what we really hold
important on the cloud code and code
work team. But it's interesting I say
along with high cuz it's like we really
it's about like hey here's a problem and
then it's really everybody on the team
has ideas for how to address the
problem. So it's really high agency and
then we say with high agency is also
high accountability. So it's all about
like making sure folks have that freedom
to cook. You know they and but then it's
also like okay what's the accountability
for it as well and that's where and
again it goes back to like what's the
hypothesis of what you're you know like
trying to solve. So I think yeah the the
balance like or you know almost like two
sides of the same kind of agency and
then accountability I think has served
our team really well.
>> Such an important element.
Have a agency. Okay cool. Everyone's off
doing stuff but okay what have you
actually [laughter]
what have you busted up?
What have you done?
So kind of along those lines
it feels like there's this vibe shift
recently from token maxing just go crazy
spend as much as possible just see
what's possible to like wait what are we
actually getting out of this? How much
is it costing? What's the ROI?
Interestingly Boris was actually like
head of product inch productivity at
meta that was like his job is measuring
inch productivity and uh
and then also just this like tweet of
lines per code like code ship like
there's this like interesting discussion
of just how do you actually measure
productivity increase and ROI
of
AI tools in spend. How do you like you
know you guys have the infinite
advantage of getting free free tokens
working at Anthropic.
With that in mind,
what what have you learned about just
how to measure, say, ROI of engineers in
today's world?
>> This end productivity is such a
fascinating topic. Um yeah, cuz I
remember, you know, like like even for
us mentioned, like you know, we'll first
start with like lines of code. And then
that's throughput and then I remembered
once then there was a debate of, well,
lines of code, this engineer had this
crazy lines of code, but they just took
some library and then just was porting
it. So, they checked it in and then I
was like, well, maybe it's significant
lines of code. And then it's, well, but
what if we're, you know, updating our
frameworks and now we're generating less
code, but like the output's still the
same. So, now I'm like, okay, maybe it's
it's like time to land PR. Like but but
it's very interesting of it's always
been whichever metric, it's it's um like
if if you're really focused on the out
like my advice here is
one is output like is the output really
going towards the outcome? Cuz yeah,
like the the the the token maxing, it's
kind of like a
it's almost like the lines of code that
we used to have, but I'm really much
more about a um what is it that we're
trying to to do? Like all all of this,
you know, there there was another saying
I really like, don't forsake motion for
progress. Um because if you're measuring
like, you know, like tool user usage,
then you're you're measuring the action,
but is it really making whatever the end
outcome of yours like important?
Um and so I I really uh try to zoom out
and focus on what is the problem we're
trying to solve? What's a good way to
measure that? And then that's what we we
focus mostly on versus kind of like the
the the productivity measurement. Um
I would say though, like outside of
metrics, especially if on teams as
you're having more people adopt AI
tooling, I would say definitely go um on
a listening tour for for the for the
leaders listening to a podcast,
especially, you know, um I I love to
focus on the senior engineers as well.
Like hear from them on what's working,
what's not, how can we actually make it
better cuz they will also help you
multiply and scale that out across a
full engineering team. And sometimes
there's those conversations where you
might get sparked an idea that comes up
and also really good shared learning
versus um, you know, like metric
dashboards. It's very interesting. I've
learned some good lessons from metrics.
I'm all about like it's really great
when you have a a metric that you can
actually hill climb on, but always keep
in mind that is you know, my whole
growth mindset of is it still serving
you? Always keep in mind like is that
metric really uh, still serving the
outcome that you were aiming for.
Um, like a fun example I have with this
is in the early
Facebook Marketplace days, we were kind
of like launching by region and we
really want to make sure we're building
a delightful product before we expand.
And I remember in the early days what
one thing we would keep an eye on is
kind of like number of sellers. And I
remembered after launching our first
region, I'm like how in this area the
number of sellers is low, but actually
people are like people are finding items
that they're looking for which is what
we're aiming for like helping people
find items that that they need. And then
I realized in that region it wasn't uh,
large number of sellers, but there were
power sellers.
But our first gate before we expand
would have just been like you know,
factoring heavily number of sellers and
I remember that quick conversation of
hey, and this goes back to that whole
people will use things in ways you may
not expect and ship better rate learn.
And so so then we updated the the metric
to go oh, you know, like it's not uh,
number of seller cuz it didn't factor in
power sellers. And so that's the advice
I have to like whatever metric whether
for productivity or even for product,
always keep an eye and make sure that
you're not just having blinders on
that's blindly following a metric that
used to make sense cuz sometimes the
landscape can change so fast. Uh, even
the metrics themselves might need to be
adjusted.
>> And this comes back to your
uh, process that you shared of having
Claude watch all the PRs shipping per
engineer, let's say, and then not
focusing on the metrics but focusing on
that leading to a conversation about
what impact this have, what was maybe
some bugs that happened, and that being
a really powerful way of understanding
how what's going on with this engineer.
>> Awesome.
>> Let me come back to this just this
question of speed and quality and just
like
impact. Uh is there anything else you've
learned about just how to
balance those things? Just like there's
a crazy velocity of code that's being
generated and just stay on top of
quality and impact. Is there anything
else there that might be helpful to
other teams that are trying to wrangle
all this all these PRs being shipped
every day?
>> I would say, and this is what honestly
we we were we want to keep doing more of
and and being better at it, too. Like
the proactive quality, so especially for
quality, making sure that what are the
experiences that are key and making sure
you actually is you actually speak of
metric. Those are really good things
that you you make sure you can look kind
of like see trends over time.
Um and so like on the quality front, we
found like um
and this is like the more proactive we
can be of like making sure we can get an
earlier detection into uh quality. And
and so like um
that's been one thing that we've been
paying a lot of attention to. Like so
like you know I I I started this, "Hey,
let's have a concept of what's bad
versus what's sad." And bad is like a
very bad irrecoverable error. And sad is
something that's kind of like a pain
point recoverable, but it's interesting
when you stack up sads, it could, you
know, generally go to bad. But even
having a like starting with a high-level
framework like that and because of not
like I think sometimes with dashboards
you can have you know, like uh time to
load or all these other, but when you're
dealing with a lot of different product
surfaces, it's harder to go, "Wait, is
that a good number or not a good
number?" And so one thing that's helped
us is versus just raw, you know, like
performance or uh uh, you know, like
reliability numbers, also having some
framework of what we think is, you know,
like a a bad experience and making sure
we're focused on addressing those and
then also keeping an eye on where we
seeing in terms of the sad. That That's
helped us a little bit.
>> I like the bad and sad. So, these are
kind of like thresholds of this is bad.
Okay, this is serious. And this is in
terms of like performance or or or
failures or what what what sort of
things are you measuring here?
>> Uh, so for example, like we we allow
each team like speak of agency. So,
knowing that bad is like a really bad
irrecoverable error. We enable each team
of further surface areas or it could be
services that, you know, they lead. What
What is like so for example, on CLI
could be crash rates. Like a crash is
pretty bad. You lost work.
Um, and for example, a sad might be,
"Hey, is it flickering?" Like it might
be recoverable. But we have each team
like and and that's why it's been
interesting because before each because
surface areas are different, like we
would have all these dashboards of but
it's it's harder to zoom out and go,
"Okay, what's the overall theme of the
experience?" So, to your point, we give
high agency to each team what we think
constitutes a bad and what's a sad and
then what's the goal that um, each team
wants to take.
>> One of the like the main takeaway I'm
hearing here is uh, one of the best
tools for staying on top of quality is
just uh, monitoring and tests versus
spending more time reviewing, which
makes sense because the speed is just
impossible to stay on top of and it
almost speaks to this idea of closing
the loop for agents to be able to kind
of figure things out themselves. They
know what success looks like. Cool,
we'll fix it ourselves. So, that's a
really interesting takeaway is just
invest more in the tests.
Evals I imagine is part of this and then
just like monitoring failures and speed
and things like that.
>> That's right.
>> Something I think this is public. I I
know that you guys have this dashboard
that tracks just like F-words, like how
often people are like
>> [laughter]
>> cuz they're so pissed and frustrated.
There's like a funny term for it, I
think. I forget what it's called.
>> Yes. Actually, I remember yeah, that was
last September cuz we were all we were
all seeing some frustrations and uh,
yeah, that was an engineer on the team
of hey, we should maybe track swear
words. I'm like, oh
that's a great idea. I remember it. I
had just, you know, joined and we were
having that really fun conversation. Um
yeah, so it's it's again like it it's
very interesting to kind of like look at
um and and that's why like Evals is hard
too because it's
going back to like that user experience
and how we can make sure it's a
delightful experience and less
frustrating. But yeah, the the swear
word dashboard is is a fun one.
[laughter]
>> This episode is brought to you by
Mercury.
>> Radically different banking loved by
over 300,000 entrepreneurs and now with
command. I've been a customer of
Mercury's for over 6 years. I have never
once thought about leaving. Mercury is
basically what happens when banking is
built by product people, not by bankers.
[music] They make it so easy, dare I say
fun, to send invoices, move money
around, set up virtual cards for folks
on my team. Does your bank have an API,
a terminal native CLI, or an AI ready
MCP server? I don't think so. And just
recently they launched command, a
conversational interface built directly
into Mercury, which acts as your
financial operator. I've been using
command to transfer money around, to
figure out what categories I've been
spending the most money in, analyze my
cash flows, and [music] just today I
used it to find out how much I've made
from a specific sponsor over the past
year. I just asked, [music] "How much
have I made from X over the past year?"
10 seconds later I have an answer.
>> [music]
>> It is so freaking cool. Visit
mercury.com to learn more and apply
online in minutes. Mercury is a fintech
company, not an FDIC insured bank.
Banking services provided through Choice
Financial Group and Column N A, members
FDIC.
>> Kind of going back to the way you
operate and ways that you've figured out
to work in this crazy new world that
we're in.
Um I've heard about a couple things that
you've implemented that are pretty
unique, I think, to uh how teams operate
and I think is something that has worked
really well for you. One is making every
manager start as an IC and then just
every manager has to continue being an
IC part-time kind of this player coach
approach. Talk about that, why that's so
important in today's world.
>> Mhm, I love it. Um, it's funny when I
first joined cuz I I and I have amazing
recruiting partners and I I noticed we
were you know this whole theme of um
kind of growth mindset. It's just
because the landscape is changing so
fast. Like
what worked well before like may not
make sense and even what makes sense
today may need to change tomorrow,
right? Like that's what I have to keep
reminding myself. So yeah, when I first
joined recruiters like, "Okay, yeah, we
have these um couple like manager
postings." And I'm like, "You know, cuz
actually how it came from like a
listening tour I did with like all the
all the um members on the team. Of and I
heard a lot of these, "Hey, I really
appreciate the agency, but how can I
make sure prioritization?" And And so I
kind of through that I I um I realized
and then there was some really good
feedback too of making sure that um it's
not too many layers of reviews. Like
there was good feedback. Some folks have
might have drawn from like companies are
like, "You know, and and then I'm like,
"Hmm." When
I actually think as a as a leader, if
you actually start as IC first without a
like worry of supporting people cuz
that's a very heavy responsibility that,
you know, I think like managers, but
like that but before you have to take on
that full responsibility, give yourself
that maker time to actually type deep
into the code and learn the code base
and I I
or or the product, like whatever it is.
It doesn't have to like honestly the the
PRs I do are like but it's more about
for me it's important because it keeps
me in the flow because we're making so
many changes to co-work and code. So
even me doing PRs it's less about what
it is I'm fixing, it's more about me
using the the product every day just to
keep that touch cuz as amazing as
metrics and everything are and I do look
at those dashboards, if you as a leader
if if you're not, you know, like living
and breathing your your product every
day you you sometimes kind of like lose
touch of uh touch and feel of the
product.
But anyways, on the manager front, I
think giving time for managers that join
to be able to go deep into do that
before supporting people. And then they
actually like end up building really
great rapport with the team. Like
because if not, I I think sometimes as
managers, you know, you might come and
join a new team and you instantly think,
"I have to manage. Let me dig into my
manager toolbox and and do manager-y
things." But if you actually give
yourself time to not have to worry about
that first and actually learn what it's
like to be an engineer and teammate on
the team. That also goes really far um
to to building rapport. And and in and
in terms of like using the product, I
think that's that's it's it's
interesting. Every team I've joined, one
of the first actually across all the
different products. It could be
VR, it could be smart glasses, it was
like Instagram. Usually when I first
joined, one comment that comes back to
me is, "Hey, you know what? I really
love how you're actually using what we
build. It's It's refreshing to see, you
know, you giving user feedback." Like
Like and and so I think as leaders too,
it's also a way for us to experience
that the work uh personally that the
team does.
>> Something that people may not realize,
uh you were overseeing a an org of like
500 people at Meta before you moved to
Anthropic, right?
And you moved to IC IC engineer
basically at Anthropic from that.
>> I started out like it was for a very
short short amount of time. But but um
actually this was my journey between
Microsoft and Meta. So at Meta, I
interviewed as a manager, but I think at
least for the first quarter, I was also
an IC um because I really wanted to
learn what it's like to be a Meta
engineer because before then I was at
Microsoft kind of like cut my teeth on
engineering at Microsoft. So I knew all
the code bases, the tools, the
languages. And uh yeah, but it was so
valuable to have the the those first
months like actually learn what it's
like to ship uh as a Meta engineer. Plus
it was also fun. Like I think sometimes
we forget if we like And but that's by
the way what I love about Claude code.
Because um the last time I shipped
production software at Metal is probably
2017.
And every year I might start like I do a
lot of dog fooding and a lot of, you
know, like I I also use dog fooding to
help me like that the quality of of
product as well.
Um, but it's been a very long time since
I shipped production software. It's
because part of it is I don't I don't
want to screw something up. Like I'm
always I'm always so scared of what if I
do something and then I cause a bug and
then I'm not verifying properly or am I
wasting someone's time? Because, you
know, like also the the the tool flows
would change. But I remember that first
week on on Claude, I'm like at first I
almost again went did my usual, let me
go meet all the engineers and treat them
to coffee and then I'm like, oh wait,
wait, wait, let me ask Claude. Claude
was this really good onboarding buddy of
mine cuz I was like curious about the
code base, asking it questions and and
then it also really,
you know, helped me like, you know, do
the automated test, but I also want to
still do some manual testing. And I I
asked Claude, hey, help me come up with
like what's a way for me to manually
test this to make sure I cover all the
case. But all that then gives me
confidence that okay, I can ship peers
again. And then I got like kind of more
comfortable with it again. And and so
I've actually had a lot of friends reach
out to me that have been managers for a
while that's like, hey, I'm shipping
code again thanks to Claude. And so
but in in general it's it's yeah, like
it's it's just important to me as
leaders to make sure you're kind of like
using the product that your team builds.
>> It's so interesting that you are
overseeing the team as an angel leader
that is most changing the role of an
engineer. It's such a meta role. Like
the work of an engineer is transforming
because of the software that you're
building.
One question along these lines is just
do you worry about
engineers skills to code atrophying from
not actually writing code anymore?
And does it even matter? Is this like
something you think about? Is it a big
deal?
>> It's It's interesting cuz we actually
have this uh discussion on the team a
bit. Like there Like are there things
that we miss? Or like actually to your
point, I'm always like thinking about
like when someone's onboarding and
ramping. Like you have Boris who hand
wrote the code in the early days and of
course not does anymore, but he gained
that knowledge from before cuz he was in
the code base. So for especially all the
engineers that join, I'm also like make
sure you're like taking the time to to
all the work that you do still get the
understanding of the architecture or the
change because it goes back to that
trust but verify. Maybe one day it won't
matter anymore, but at the at the pace
that we're going, I actually still think
understand like it's always double
clicking on that layer that you depend
on. Like may maybe that to me is a metal
like cuz
um it's always take that time to learn
about your dependencies cuz this way
when your dependencies change, like
you're kind of like more aware or you
might not be taking advantage of changes
to you know, dependencies. So I think
it's always about kind of like uh
doing that double click. But the other
thing that we found interesting on the
Cloud Code team is after a while we felt
uh it could start being a lonely
experience cuz we all started just
working with our agent so much. So
recently we started a maybe a like a
pairwise programming lunch. And cuz what
we also learned was on Cloud Code,
everybody uses a Cloud Code co-work.
Everybody uses a flow so differently.
And so we found that wow, when we do
pairwise programming, we actually learn
so much from each other. Um and but and
then the other thing too is we we make
sure that like we also uh have them make
your time together too. So like for
example, hackathons is is another thing
we really like to do just to make sure
we're kind of like interacting together
as a team.
>> That is such a good point. Just like the
loneliness that emerges because used to
be inch teams building code together.
Someone's doing back end, someone's
doing front end, someone's doing iOS
app. Probably a bunch of people, you
know, on the back end. And I was like,
you know, well if 10 clouds running in
parallel doing all these things.
That is such a good idea of just like
finding ways to connect engineers. So,
the idea here is like almost pair
programming, but not. It's like parallel
It's like parallel play when kids are
growing up. Like, you're kind of working
next to each other, but building your
own things. But, even just watching how
other people build is your finding is
really valuable.
>> Yeah, and it's because our our own tool
chain is changing so fast as well. But,
yeah, it's very interesting to me that
like everybody on on our team just uses
Claude code and and code work in
different ways. And so, time I watch
someone work, then I I learn something
myself as well.
>> How do you manage people getting over
like obsessed with the optimizing their
workflows? Is there anything you just
say, "Okay, it's fine. Just
Just keep [laughter] going."
>> You know, I I haven't seen too many
folks on our team like it's I think it's
everybody is just really excited about,
you know, either a like an architecture
update that we think will be higher
reliability or some product experience.
So, most folks like that's what we we
talked about a lot. Like, yeah, we we um
we don't over It's fun lunchtime
conversations, but I don't think we over
optimize because there's no cuz there's
no perfect answer actually.
>> much to do.
>> [laughter]
>> Is there anything These are really
interesting insights. Just like as the
role transformed, things come, things
go.
So, I'm curious what else is kind of
lost in this new world of software
engineering. I used to be an engineer. I
don't know if you know this. I was an
engineer for 10 years.
Uh and it was like so fun just to sit
there in flow coding. You know this
feeling. Just like, "Oh, wow, it's
working. Look at it compile. It's
amazing. I'm making progress." And now
it's like you don't do that anymore. You
just sit there and kind of wait for
agents to build the thing. What else
What else is kind of lost in this new
world for engineers?
>> Yeah, it's so funny. I just had that
conversation with the engineer on the
team of talk about flow. Like, remember
the old days you have this really gnarly
problem and you pop that music
soundtrack in and then you're just in
the in the zone. Um
Uh so, yeah, there is a little and then
there was always that big aha moment at
the end. I would remember. Like is it
Yeah, you remember you're like you
finally cracked it. You know that yay.
So we we do
but it's like I think now we get a lot
of joy from like the product but I do
think there is cuz I hear from other
engineers as well of it Well, I
some of the hardest parts is what I used
to enjoy.
Like yeah, I heard that from another
engineer as well. And so I think we're
all just kind of like shifting um Uh,
but I I I do see like the the thing most
and that's why I was I I was talking
about like the pair wise programming in
the hackathon. That did recently come up
more of folks were starting to feel like
it's starting to be a lonely experience.
>> So interesting.
Within Anthropic I'm curious so
engineering like the most transformed I
think of any role right now. What other
What's like the second most transformed
role so far would you say within
Anthropic that's most different from how
it was like a couple years ago let's
say?
>> It's it's all the coding adjacent roles
are shifting. Like PM is I know like you
you were chatting with Kai. I think PM
is also transformed quite a bit because
PM bar no longer bottlenecked if if they
have an idea waiting on engineering
bandwidth. Um so that's kind of like the
the next role I've seen shift. Like
actually our PMs have also helped us
roll up sleeves and help shift you know
like some features when we when we were
um you know like when when there wasn't
uh when there was a you know something
we wanted to do and an engineer wasn't
able to. So I think um it's all the
coding adjacent roles are starting to
shift. Um but I think that's where again
the verification is important cuz when
you have more different disciplines
checking in how do we make sure
everybody has high confidence. I also
think we need to do more to keep
automating these other portions of the
workflows. Like for sure we focus a lot
on coding but next when you think about
like design or data science like those
are starting to be the next areas I
think are good opportunities for us to
see how we can yeah like um
uh start and improving kind of like
experiences there as well.
>> Yeah, I have a speaking of data science,
I have a data science friend and he was
just saying how data science is so
different now
where
now most of their job is people doing
their own like not amazing data science
work using AI and it and then just like
showing it to the data scientist, "Here,
here's the analysis I did. Can you just
make sure it's right?" And half the time
it's not right.
And so the job is just like a whole
different job now instead of doing the
work that they thought they wanted to do
and that's like, "All right, I'm just
reviewing all this AI data science all
the time. What the hell?"
>> [laughter]
>> Kind of along the lines, coming back to
just how your team operates and how
things are changing,
let me see if something comes with this
question. What should an engineering
manager expect from their team now
versus like a couple years ago? What's
like a normal, I don't know, baseline
expectation of how things should work?
Is it other than just, you know, we're
shipping faster? Is there anything else?
>> Oh, interesting. Well, definitely I
think most commits are cloud assisted
and so that was a shift.
Um
I think
you know, I kind of like mentioned we
have like Slack channels with all the
feedback and also our dashboards that we
have
get to cloud. I think having engineers
building like keep building that
stronger product sense muscle is I I
think also like another and I think that
in general helps kind of
build these really strong minded product
engineers. I would say more of these
roles that were traditionally
non-engineering,
you do now see engineers being like and
sometimes you're just blocked by, you
know, waiting for you know, a
cross-functional partner. I think
there's there's less of those blocks now
just because
the models are able to augment
additional capabilities that you may not
have as an
from as an engineer.
>> So it's kind of interesting that it's
both directions. Engineers becoming more
product minded and responsible for the
quality and success of a product and
then everybody becoming an engineer more
and more.
>> Yeah, that's right. It's all blurring.
>> Yeah.
I forget who said this, but there's this
like like what is a role anymore in this
this guy said that it's like what's the
average of what you do? What's like the
highest percentage of what you and
that's kind of your role now, whatever
it is going to be. [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> Oh man, I want to come back to your
point about
obsession with the the product living
breathing the product dog fooding. I
talked to a bunch of people that work
with you about you and that's the thing
that came up most just like your
obsession with living and breathing the
product using the product constantly,
whatever it is you're building uh this
idea of dog fooding.
Talk about just like why
that is so important, why that's
something you instill within your teams
and and and reports.
>> Oh, I love it. Um yeah, I think it's
it's really and and this has worked for
me um it's just been a really good way
for me to keep a pulse on
you know, anytime you build product
there's there's a dream. Like you're
really hoping to enable an experience or
make an experience better. So I think um
being able like like that helps me keep
really close to the pulse. I also think
uh maybe and maybe something like for
sure on Visual Studio that was like, you
know, where I where I got this love of
it um
but it's interesting cuz even
Marketplace, I remembered every time
once in a while I'll do like even after
I left the team actually. Um one time I
had like a MacBook Air and I wanted to
sell my old and you know, I haven't sold
anything on Marketplace let let me and I
could not believe it the minute I I put
it up for sale a seller or buyer tried
to scam me and it was an interesting
like new scam vector I didn't detect and
so but that goes to again like people
will use uh your products in ways that
that you may not expect and so
especially as leaders or even like
anyone on the team, we all have
different like life like actually it's
it's funny when it when I was a you
know, supporting the VR and AR teams,
somehow how I used VR, the setup, I
would always be able to find these
really weird floor height issues. So,
that ended up being a I took a you know,
like I'm going to help us you know, like
cuz somehow I got a good repro
environment. Um
And so, I think it's number one like
making that's how you keep your pulse on
the product that you're building and
don't get too lost in metrics and
dashboards only or presentations.
>> I think that's such an important point
you're saying there that I just want to
make sure people hear is just like like
there's always this idea of anecdotal
evidence and just like examples versus
the data. And what you're saying here is
as a product leader as an engine leader,
there you found a lot of success in like
the anecdotes, the specific uh little
one-offs that you experience as a as a
as a user versus like obsessing with the
data only.
>> Yeah. And and actually, sometimes it's
also how I've been able to most
effectively help the team. So, for
example, the last team I was on I I was
a you know, leading a VR team and
you know, because like back then the
like I I it it would have been I would I
I was not I have not checked in any code
into that code base just cuz I was
really worried about like messing up the
operating system. But what was a gap? We
were doing a lot of polish fixes and I
was I wanted to I'm like, "Hey, you know
what? I'll use my dogfooding time to
actually vet how the experience looks."
And and so, that was also probably a way
that I felt I could still meaningfully
contribute to help hold the quality bar
for the team. And and then like I say,
like every team member usually always
really appreciates cuz I I think um
as a lead like you know, leader you're
supporting folks on team that outside of
metrics and everything, everybody really
wants to make sure their work matters
and yeah, just making sure that you
know, leaders use your product. I think
folks feel the the leaders um remain
like really engaged and not too I'm
>> And this connects a lot with your point
that engineers need to become more
product minded. That engineers need to
become more PM-y, PMs need to become
more But this is like as an engineer,
this is one way to do it. Use the
product constantly. And that'll help you
understand what is missing in the
product as a user cuz you're just using
it.
>> That's right. And And I would say if
you're leading a team where it's really
hard for you to use the product, then
meet with customers. Like whatever the
other avenue is that kind of um like I
think that's also been really important
to you. Every time I've done customer
visits, I always learn something new.
Like actually I remember that was uh
Facebook Marketplace we're trying to
launch to uh Latin America. And so we
had you know, we were testing in Chile.
And I remember that it it just wasn't
doing as well as the other regions we'd
done. And everything else we've we've
tried. And then I remember I'm like we
And we had a really small research trip
where I went to Chile. I remember
getting a whole bunch of Android phones
for us. It was very small crew, like
just three of us. And upon landing and
upon me opening up these Android phones
and I'm like, ah
you know, the LTE connection was real
was much slower than what we were used
to in the US. And so I'm like, oh, the
Marketplace feed didn't even load very
well on these little LTE situations.
What a What a growth blocker you know,
you can't even load. But again, that's
why it's so important to always uh you
know, like um listen to customer
feedback and and get that fast feedback
loop.
>> I think it was Jeff Bezos that said if
you have the data and you have an
anecdote, trust the anecdote over the
data.
Surprisingly. And that's a great
example. Okay. Uh just a couple more
questions.
One is in your talk, you had this really
interesting slide at the end of what
questions you're kind of rethinking
about right now that you haven't figured
out how to solve
with how much is changing. Uh I'm going
to read the three. I'm curious just like
if it's still these three, if there's
anything else like current problems we
need to figure out that we haven't
solved in how we operate. What you
shared in your talk was, do we still
need separate iOS and Android orgs?
How far do you push fully auto-
automated reviews? And which role with
role blurring, how do you ensure
everyone's equally productive?
Still problems? Is there anything else
that you're thinking about like, okay,
we need to crack this. We haven't
figured this out.
>> You know, the iOS Android one, like I
think we're still actually it's funny
cuz I speak of like the deep expertise.
We definitely feel that it's really
important like it's really important to
still bring on folks with those
expertise, but we probably don't need
like as large because people are
flexing. So it's again making sure we
have
you know, like the Android and iOS
experts, but then less of a the larger
kind of like a mobile org one per. And
so but again, that's still a balance
that we're trying to figure out of do we
have the right and enough expertise? Um
The the second one was Sorry, what was
the second [laughter] one?
>> Oh, yeah. It is how far do you push
fully automated reviews?
>> Ah. Yes. Actually, well, this is a a fun
one like, you know, with the content
design check. I think we're we're
looking for across all of it like how do
you actually get what good looks like?
Um and so I have a like actually the
verification is still one that we I
think that's kind of like the second and
the third that I think we there's more a
lot more opportunities there for us. Um
but the how far to push, I think looking
at where we think that experts still
matters and then also again have to keep
asking ourselves, okay, is there a way
to leverage our expertise to also
automate? Like I think um
like looking across the whole end-to-end
experience, like making sure we're not
missing in like I think we we come at it
from like an engineering standpoint, but
making sure um experiences how we think
about those other areas. Um I I think
there's definitely still more that we
can do there.
>> Basically, how do you solve how do you
set up a verification that the
experience is what you want it to be?
>> Exactly. That and I think that one is
still a hard one to crack cuz you kind
of like mentioned the eval cases. It's
Some of it for sure is accuracy, but
it's also the experience. Um so that's
something that's uh yeah, we're we're
still kind of thinking through.
>> Awesome. Is there anything else that's
like uh this has changed recently we got
to figure out how to rethink the way we
operate or is this kind of the the big
ones?
>> You know, I think because with
routines and everything being more
async, I I I think there is starting to
be a high load on our context switching.
Cuz I even remember I myself was like,
oh I I kicked like I kicked off like and
and so I think that's probably another
thing we have to think about of how do
we uh you know, whether for our team
members or our users like how can we
actually make the experience better to
reduce that load cuz I I do see the
context switching load increasing.
>> I can like if you have 20 agents running
there's just endless checking in and
reviewing and you have to remember what
you're doing there. It's like such an
interesting world where
like the idea flow we talked about
before like engineers and most people
like there's less of the just hours of
flow, but now the agents can kind of
just remind you. Here's where you're at
like the reset to switch almost is
easier cuz you don't have to like
relearn everything. You don't have to
like re-understand the code base and the
the architecture. You can kind of just
like, okay, but here's what we're trying
to do. It's kind of like both got
better, got worse.
>> Well, it's interesting cuz I used to do
book out like focus time for like you
know, the focus time for coding cuz you
want that dedicated and then the whole
context switching and then it's
interesting now that because I can
context switch more with more async
agents, I'm noticing I do actually have
to go back and block like a focus time
for me to catch up on all the you know,
different async work that I've kicked
off.
>> Yeah, do you have any thoughts on a
solution there cuz that's hard. Just
like there's like people just want to do
more and more and just how do you do
that without constantly context
switching? It's really hard and
annoying.
>> Yes.
I agree. Like definitely I haven't
cracked it yet.
>> [laughter]
>> So interesting. Okay, there's a question
I I of as we were talking that I I'm
like so excited to hear your answer on
that. I wasn't even planning to ask
this, but it's so important these days,
which is just like and jobs and hiring.
So interesting that you would think AI
would uh make engineers less necessary.
On the other hand, it feels like you
guys are hiring engineers like crazy.
Open eyes hiring engineers like crazy.
Just like there's so much demand for
engineers.
Where do you think this goes? What do
you think about just the future of the
end role? And this is a big question,
but just
>> [laughter]
>> thoughts.
>> I I'll I'll share I'll actually I'll
I'll I'll share some vulnerability here.
One, um speaking of like big open
questions, I really do think how we
grow the the next generation just
because how you and me got to our
engineering path is just so different.
It's almost like, okay, now when you
graduate from school, it's like how do
you kind of fast-forward it? But but the
important thing to me is that still
understand kind of like, you know, that
double-click I talked about to to the
the layer of an eight. Um but that that
is
a big question I have, and I wish I have
the answers, but I I wonder if it's um
for software engineering, it's almost
like you go more towards a fellowship or
apprenticeship program.
I know it's hard cuz technically we have
like in internships that would but those
were the kind of like 3 months and a
little projects, but I I do wonder if um
and I I wish I have a crystal ball here,
but it's it's yeah, like how do you
almost like cram in some of the
And and maybe it won't matter, but you
know, some of the life experiences that
we all got, how do you actually enable
um
us to kind of like teach that to, you
know, the next generation of builders?
>> Right, like if you don't have to ever
look at code,
well, what's the incentive for a new
software engineer to truly understand
how
infrastructure works and and memory
allocation all these things that are
like kind of foundational.
>> And and it's interesting. Maybe the the
models will get good enough that it it
doesn't matter, but I do
>> Yeah.
>> You know, but I do think there's
something about that that double click
cuz I think that's where there might be
an opportunity to improve the product or
the system. But, figuring out how to
learn that not necessarily by, you know,
like year years of uh
>> of typing code.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, like somebody's got to have to
understand code at some level. Like,
it's like some COBOL engineer they have
to like pull out of retirement one day
like, "Do you remember how to write
Python?"
>> You know what you was really fun? One of
my
you know, previous managers. I mean, he
started software engineer when it was
punch cards.
And it's so fabulous. Like, he's been
messaging me everything he's been
building with cloud code. And I'm like,
"Wow, what a career that you go from
like he's really like he you know, he's
really kind of like seen this whole
change. So, maybe I think for us to
think about it is like when I think
about his career, how he got started
with punch cards was also totally
totally different than
than now. And so, it it might be that um
I I think it'll be interesting for us to
see what remains important. And then
what changes in terms of importance. And
then it's like how do you um have gained
the Like, I have a theory maybe maybe
that's the the what is important will
shift over time. And then how do you
kind of uh
kind of build the proficiency into it.
>> Oh, yeah, just learn the things that
really matter. Like, the argument that I
I constantly hear is just like it's a
new level of abstraction just like
assembly and binary like it just keeps
going up and up. And now, okay, we don't
need to actually look at the code. It's
like a new layer of abstraction prompts
and
and uh Claude's thinking uh you know,
messages.
>> Yeah, and it's maybe like, "Okay, what
is a interesting problem? What's the
prioritization for experience to build?"
Like, it's it's interesting. Maybe we're
kind of Yeah, and then when you build
things, how do you know it's actually
resonating? And and and uh it's kind of
like doing what you intended.
>> And is good, yeah. Like, is this going
to are we just building a bunch of slop
here or is this actually
architecture [laughter]
that will work? I think the advantage
though for young people is they are so
it's so much easier to just to lean in
and work in this new way versus being
stuck in the way that things used to be.
It's like rare It's like amazing how
many long-time engineers like yourself
have adapted and embraced this. It's
like so hard to just change everything.
Okay, let's do it. Everything [laughter]
>> Well, cuz the rate of change is also so
fast. Actually, that that was the one
thing of
I remember the first time I It was
probably Sonnet 3.5 or or 3.6 like and I
I remembered it was still like making
some mistakes when I was doing things on
the side. I'm like, "What are you
doing?" And and and then what I noticed
was some of the engineers that were
resisting AI tooling. They're like, "Ah,
but see, it's you know, like look at all
of these." But then I think it was hard
to understand of how kind of like
exponential rate of improvements. And so
always And maybe that's another
interesting thing that I myself am
learning too. Like there might have been
something I tried to automate that
Claude wasn't quite good enough. And
then actually in the next model, oh
well, now it is good enough. So it's
always also thinking about what may have
not worked. Like it might be worth a
time to revisit cuz you know, that now
might be a new capability.
>> Yeah, that comes up a lot in this
podcast. Just build something that is
almost working that is at the edge
because once the model gets there,
you'll be so far ahead of everybody
else.
Okay, final question. You may have
already answered this with what you just
said, but what keeps you up at at night?
>> You know,
the thing that keeps me up at night is
probably um
is how we So, you know, we talked about
kind of like Claude code and co-work
team culture. That's and the team
culture is really important to me. Like
it's the one team mentality and I I you
know, I I share with folks. And and by
the way, culture is like a living
breathing thing. It's not just a poster
you slap on a wall and it changes over
time and it's it shows up in how we
treat each other, how we how we're there
for each other. And so, the culture of
the team is important to me because we
are we are growing and and
and since the culture shifts like making
sure that maintaining the things are
important that we are we still really
like it's really important for me to
have like diverse perspectives so then
we can have you know like good healthy
open honest debates on in the open and
we kind of like welcome those and kind
of what I call that one team mentality
that when you get close to the finish
line look behind you and see is there
some of our team to help cuz we kind of
finish as a team.
That's probably the thing that keeps me
up at night and it's
it's like you know there's so many other
hard problems right but I think maybe a
lot of the other ones are product or
engineering challenges that yes we have
you know like dashboards or theories or
hypotheses like but the culture is like
a human aspect that is
um
Like like I I think that's the one that
I I always want to make sure that we're
as we grow we're still kind of like
maintain that culture cuz it is kind of
like the fiber
of the team and it like when it starts
drifting it it's it I'm always worried
of you know like if it if it drifts are
we catching it and having conversations
as a team together to to to make sure
we're kind of all wanting the culture to
grow in the right direction.
>> Yeah, I imagine everybody is struggling
with this considering the pace of change
and the pace of hiring just like
especially a company like Anthropic
that's in this crazy like the most
unprecedented growth trajectory in
history. I could see how that could be
some a challenge
with so much change so
it makes sense like even you know at
Airbnb when I was there like that was
quite a growth trajectory and that was
nothing like what you guys are going
through. And that was a constant topic
of conversation how do we maintain the
culture?
>> Actually I'm curious what was your
experience at Airbnb to maintain the
culture as you were growing?
>> things one is just the
what worked well is the founders being
obsessed with it like every every all
hands every
every big meeting is just like reminding
of like the culture and the value of the
culture and what the values are just the
founders top-down being obsessed with it
was a really big part of it. It just
like couldn't have a meeting without
that coming up as a as a thing.
The other is a memory I always come back
to is we had Sheryl Sandberg's became
meta come to come do a fireside chat
and somebody asked her just how do you
maintain culture as you scale?
Because we're just going so fast and
it's so hard to mean deal with all this
change and culture and all these new
people and her advice was this is
actually the what the problem you want
to have because this means you're
growing and doing well and this is
normal versus you can
nothing will change if you're doing
badly like that's that's the that's so
much worse situation when you're not
growing and you're not hiring like
crazy. That's a much worse situation
that will cause even more even
suffering. So this is what this is a
good problem you're you're you're
dealing with. is is her advice which has
always stuck with me.
>> Oh, that's great. Like it's interesting
like here you talk I think one of the
important things to kind of cloud code
and co-work team is
um whether uh ICs or managers but this
is a thing I especially ask for managers
on the team is really important that we
all talk about for sure what's going out
but also just be open about what's not
going well.
Because then if we can actually have a
conversation what's not going well
that's how we can actually go ahead and
address it. Like my my my speaking of
what keeps me up at night my nightmare
is especially if someone's in a manager
position and and I'm like hey how are
things going? Everything's fine. I'm
like oh my gosh I'm not doing [laughter]
fine. I know this things are and like
like it's that that whole like you know
how there was this meme of the doctor
cat cup of coffee in a room that's on
fire. This is like that that is my my
nightmare. So that's actually
a discussion I have with a lot of folks
on the team especially managers of when
they first joined up hey let's always
have these open conversations so that we
can solve problems together.
>> I imagine there's something a lot of
people struggle with seeing so many
people around them doing super well, at
least seemingly doing well. Everything's
going great. I'm growing this this
awesome company or like just like
everything it's hard to like hard to
actually be honest and say it's not
going great. I'm struggling here. I'm
falling behind cuz everyone around you
is just like on the surface feeling like
they're killing it.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah.
Before we get to our very exciting
lightning round, is there anything else
that you either want to leave listeners
with, anything else that we didn't
cover, anything else that's important
that you wanted to share?
>> Maybe one thing is like just a
suggestion cuz you know we talked about
how how can Cloud do like automate like
one other thing that's really big on
Cloud Code and Core team culture is
explicit permission to kill processes
that no longer serve us. And so maybe a
suggestion is for you know any anyone
you know like on our work and our team
or leading teams
like take your like what's one process
that you either dread doing
or is really highly noisy or is like
really expensive in terms of like just a
lot of like it it might
or is something that's just very manual.
Like pick one thing and first ask is it
still having its purpose? Like for
example
one like even our planning like
Actually that was my own big first
learning when I first joined Cloud Code.
I'm like hey maybe we should you know do
a six-month road map doc and and but
we're going to do it super lightweight
cuz I don't want to waste a lot of time
planning and I I felt we did a really
lightweight process. But that was such a
good learning for me cuz the exercise
was good to kickstart conversations and
ensure we're aligned but like three
months into it I'm like wait have we
still referenced
because so much has changed and that was
also something I like and so that was
also something I changed to that I
myself brought in thinking hey maybe
this will this will help. So always be
open to learning and always ask yourself
whatever process you have is it still
serving its purpose? Just because the
field is changing so fast.
>> I love that advice. I got to follow up
on this real quick. So, what is it? How
do you think about planning now? Do you
do any planning? Is it just like a
month-long road map? What's kind of like
the simple way to explain where you're
at with that?
>> Yeah, I
I call it JIT planning now, like
just-in-time planning. So, it it is like
around like cuz yeah, I think 6 months
was too long. So, now for sure some
projects will take more than a month,
but we try to do like a a month of
planning, like really lightweight.
Actually, there's not even docs. It's
really just us aligning on a on a little
spreadsheet of what we think is
important. But even that one, I'm I'm
kind of thinking through, "Hey, like
every week we should probably still keep
a like what we're trying is here are the
the month's priorities."
And we're going to try it out, but I
have a feeling like every week we'll
probably want to do really quick like,
"Hey, just to check. Yep, this is the
still this month's priorities. Good." Um
but yeah, like but now we we've shrunk
it to JIT monthly planning.
>> So, it's monthly meaning for the next
month, here's a little
uh sheet/Excel spreadsheet of what we're
planning to do for the next month. And
then every week check in, is this still
what we're planning to do for the next
month?
>> Yeah, it's it's yeah, like like very
very we But even that one, I'm also
still feeling, "How can we even
automate this more?" Cuz I don't I never
want it to be feeling like a tax when
someone has to, you know, up update the
spreadsheet. So, this is actually yeah,
like just yesterday we're chatting,
"Hey, how can we actually uh automate
this?" Well, it's getting to that
question, always ask yourselves, "Can we
actually automate this better?"
>> Like my PM brain is like, that's so like
how could you not do something like
that?
>> [laughter]
>> Okay, here's what we're thinking for the
next month. Let's just check it once a
week. Let's make sure this is like it's
hard to imagine that not happening. Um
and you don't have a lot of items on the
spreadsheet is what I'm hearing also.
>> Yeah, but like we really try focus. So,
like we will will share out like here's
what we think are the highest
priorities. And again, for that agency
of given the priorities, then like
everybody's like their kind of like item
for how they think uh addresses those
priorities.
>> Is there anything that's like here's for
the next like 6 months bigger bets kind
of stuff or is it just like let's just
think 1 month ahead?
>> I like so we'll usually definitely
there's themes of where we think the the
work and so we'll we'll definitely like
um and actually the the whole team will
bring everyone together
uh like every every 6 months. So there
we'll usually kick off like some themes
but then it's really the
making sure we keep the pulse of what
because again like even though themes
change you know so fast when uh the
landscape changes.
>> All right, let's pull up the spreadsheet
and let's take a look.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh man. Man, this this whole podcast
could have been just talking about this
planning stuff they do. Okay, I'm going
to have to find someone else to talk
about this cuz this is so interesting
just how y'all plan. Uh yeah, okay.
Well, Fiona, with that we reached our
very exciting lightning round. I've got
five questions for you. Are you ready?
>> Ready.
>> Okay, first question. What are two or
three books that you find yourself
recommending most to other people?
>> Ooh, I will say for fiction
uh actually two authors I recommend to
everyone, Margaret Atwood and uh
Haruki Murakami.
Um those are just two like like I mean I
grew up in Canada so so I I read a lot a
lot of Atwood growing up but her books
are fascinating cuz it's almost like
speculative fiction of
you can kind of squint and say okay
could this actually you know like happen
to to a society. So so I love her take
on speculative fiction and Murakami I
love his um magical realism style.
It's it's um but then the one book so
there are authors but the one book I
always recommend to everyone to read at
least once a year or you know um The
Little Prince.
I like I I think I'm I'm sure we
probably all read it at at some point in
our lives but I think it's a I I read it
at least once a year. It just you know,
to to remind me to to think about like
kind of like what's truly important.
>> Wow. That doesn't come up a bunch. Okay.
I love it. Uh favorite recent movie or
TV show you have really enjoyed?
>> I haven't watched TV [laughter] shows.
>> That's very common across Anthropic
people I have on the podcast.
Common theme.
>> But I will share with you what I always
have downloaded on my phone so that if
I'm on on the airplane um
So there's three movies I I always have
on my phone cuz I I think they're just
so so fun to to to watch if I have time.
One is Amelie.
It's this uh French movie that oh my
gosh, all of these movies are going to
be very old by the way. It's going to be
like vintage movies. But I I I loved
Amelie. Super whimsical. So really
highly recommend it to um anyone that
haven't seen it. It's uh you know, if I
if you remember I told you I was you
know, going on a I thought I was going
to be a visual artist. So when I was 16,
my high school we took a a trip a high
school trip to Paris and that that just
I I've so many memories of that and
Amelie really captures the magic I felt
at Paris. And the other two are are
Ghibli films. Uh I love Spirited Away.
That's um it's just such a
like just such a
I just love that story. I I I love the
yeah, like I I just love every
everything about Spirited Away. It's
probably one of my favorite Ghibli
films. And then the third was another
Ghibli film um Nausicaa Valley of the
Wind. And uh I I think about this one
quite a bit because if anyone asked me,
"Hey, how did you kind of think about
you know, all these leadership traits?"
I think what I watched that movie
probably when I was eight or nine.
And the the heroine Nausicaa and how she
seeing how she leads just left such a
like um just left such a footprint in my
heart I guess you could say that
probably Nausicaa has inspired me to a
lot and a lot of my different leadership
principles.
>> Wow, what what is that book called
again?
>> Uh the the movie's called like Nausicaä
of the Valley of the Wind, but it was
actually based on a on a manga.
>> Valley of the Wind. So, it's like High
Output Management Andy Grove, Valley of
the Wind Nausicaä.
>> [laughter]
>> That's right.
>> Two top management books. So cool. Okay.
Uh do you have a favorite product you
recently discovered that you really
love? Could be an app, could be
clothing, could be a gadget, could be
kitchen equipment. Uh
>> I'll I'll share the product that I was
reminded of how much has made a
difference in my life recently. Uh cuz
I've been just traveling a little bit
and so I don't I and I like to travel
really light. So, I I use whatever
shampoo and conditioner, you know, that
the hotel gives. And I forgot that um so
the the the product that I I actually
have one of their hand I promise this is
not an infomercial. But
Sweet Sisters Bodycare. It's, you know,
a
a local business on on Whidbey Island.
Um but the reason why their product has
made such a big difference in my life uh
it's a full line of organic hair, body,
skin care. But a few years ago I started
getting this rash on my nose right here
that was really painful, like actually
bleeding. And I could not for the life
of me figure out how to stop it. Like I
tried not using any lotions. Like I cut
everything out on my face and it was
still really hurting and then somebody
says, "What's the shampoo you're using?"
I'm like, "It's the same shampoo I've
used since I was, you know, like a
teenager." And they're like, "Maybe your
body has now um and it's, you know, like
generic, you know, brown shampoo that
you get anywhere." And they said, "Maybe
your body's just started developing an
allergy to to it because of the
chemicals uh in it that I like it."
>> Wow.
>> I'm like, "What?" And so anyways, this
was an organic shampoo that I found. Lo
and behold, I use their shampoo and then
cuz I you don't think that when you wash
your hair, it actually then, you know,
like goes goes over to the to the rest
of your body. But so since then I've
switched everything that I used to be
Sweet Sisters. Um but I'm recently
reminded of how important this is cuz
after a week of uh yeah, hotel shampoo,
I I actually started having some skin
reactions again. I'm like, "Ah, maybe I
should get like travel-size bottles that
I can bring with me."
>> This is an awesome pick. I love local
local business picks, even big bonus
points for that. Uh and by the way, this
travel you're doing just for folks that
may not know this, there's a there's
these Code with Claude events that are
happening all over the world. I went to
the one in SF. There was one in London.
You're going to one in Tokyo. Is that
the end of it or is there more after
that?
>> Uh Tokyo is So, yeah, that's next week
and that's the last leg of of the trip.
>> And then probably probably more in the
future. Uh
>> [laughter]
>> so cool. I love that that's happening.
Okay, two more questions. Do you have a
favorite life motto that you find
yourself coming back to often in work or
in life?
>> Ooh. Um so, in work, I really love to
remind folks keep it simple. Like, what
is the the thing that you're really
trying to do well and and focus on that?
Do you know, like keep it simple cuz I
think sometimes we could overthink. Uh
so, it's always a good mantra to think
about that. Uh and then in life, um you
know, probably in a world where you can
be anything, be kind.
>> Yeah. I love that one. I We were at a
at a Montessori school uh tour and
that's what the teacher had up on the
wall.
>> Aw. Like, it's you know, we have we have
so many things going on that you never
know what's going on in someone else's
life and that one small act of of
kindness can make the biggest
difference. Like, um
>> Yeah.
>> For for me, actually, that was what
Remember Do you remember COVID? We were
all like working from home during, you
know, the COVID days.
>> Um I it it just always really stuck
struck with me cuz I was in these, you
know, back-to-back meetings and I and I
always one-on-ones are really important
to me because, you know, that I actually
that time is usually also really
important for the other person. It's
something that, you know, they've been
looking to. They might have things they
discuss. So, I always try it, I always
really prioritize one-on-ones. Uh but
during that time I my grandmother wasn't
doing well and she was in a home in
Canada and because of COVID I couldn't
go visit and actually even my aunt uh
you know, aunt and mom couldn't go
visit. And it was this very rare of if
if they have a helper that can help we
could do FaceTime. But you never know
what time that is going to be because
you know, there's so many people to take
care and all of a sudden I got a message
from my aunt going, "Grandma can
FaceTime at like 12:00 p.m. today." I'm
like, "Oh no, there's this one-on-one
that I I've been meaning to have and I I
just messaged uh you know, my report to
say, "I'm really really sorry. It's so
last minute. Is it okay to and I know it
now it's when I say it it doesn't seem
like it's a big thing cuz it's like but
to me it's always really important to
keep but he was like, "Yeah, totally. No
problem at all." And for me that was
just a small act of kindness. He doesn't
and he totally didn't make it into a big
deal but that made the biggest
difference to me that I got to you know,
say hi to my grandmother on FaceTime.
>> I love that.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. Uh final question. Uh so Boris
Cherny, when I asked him about you, when
he had this interesting insight where he
said, "In very important meetings you
can often hear Fiona you can hear the
click-clack of Fiona knitting
in the background."
>> [laughter]
>> Uh
maybe talk about just what's going on
there and what's [laughter] what are a
couple things you knitted recently?
Oh my gosh. Well, I I knitted this top
recently.
>> You make your own clothing. Unreal. This
is [laughter] very meta for Cloud Code
building itself.
>> You know, we're always building our
clothing.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, actually actually this is whole
fun thing I I think between knitting and
programming cuz it's kind of like two
stitches, knit and a purl, so it's zero
and one. And anyway, so many concepts of
stocks and queues you actually could
Like I'm kind of like a compiler. I'm
kind of like you know, generating a an
executable when I knit. Um but I don't
[laughter] know about that. Yeah,
actually it was my my grandma that
taught me to to knit when I was eight. I
kind of mentioned her and I um going to
that yarn shop and so every time I I I
knit I think of her. Um but I I always
like to multitask as you can see. Like
yeah, I kick off multiple agents and so
anytime I'm sitting and because um I
practice enough and got proficient I
have to I don't have to look at at what
I'm doing. So it's almost almost like
how you know sometimes people have like
fidget spinners and such. Uh knitting is
just so anytime I'm sitting still I'm
like, oh this is time to you know like
generate more knitting. It's cute. Well,
cuz I got so much yarn that if I don't
do this yeah, my my yarn
I'm I might have a slight yarn addiction
problem.
>> I love this. When I when I asked Boris
what he would do when AGI hits when we
don't have to work he said he's going to
make me so I'm guessing your answer
would be just knit and make beautiful
clothing. [laughter]
>> Oh my gosh, my dream is to actually open
up a a yarn store in my grandmother's
name and and create that community.
>> And then co-work would help out you
automate everything.
>> That's right. Especially invoicing.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh my god. Fiona, you're awesome.
It's just incredible the work that you
and your team are doing just changing
the world in such profound ways
and there's no it's clear why it's
growing so fast.
So good job. Good job over there.
Thank you for making time for this.
>> Well, I'm just really honestly lucky and
humble that I get to work with such an
amazing team. Like I know how lucky and
I am I am and I'm so grateful. But
thanks a lot for having me on the
podcast as well. This was a lot of fun.
>> Uh to follow up on questions, where can
folks find you online if you are online
if they want to follow up on anything
and how can listeners be useful to you?
>> Ooh, uh so definitely I'm on LinkedIn
and I'm sure most people have shared
this already but would love feedback of
what's going well, what's not going
well. Um also any latent demand that you
are all using that might be interesting
use cases. You know, I had a friend
message me recently to go, oh I'm using
Claude to help me generate uh
a building plan for my shed and he
actually showed me his his shed, which
was cool. So would would love to hear
about that. And then yeah, maybe also,
you know, we talked about reaching out
across over there's someone whether a
small business that you love or or
someone that you feel like hasn't
you know, as some of the listeners are
super AI pill. Yeah, maybe take a time
to hold somebody's hand to show what's
AI might be able to help them with.
>> Such a good one. That is such a good
answer to this question. Especially
coming from you, Fiona. This was
awesome. Thank you so much for being
here.
>> Thanks so much for having me, Lenny.
>> Bye everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as [music] that
really helps other listeners find the
podcast. You can find all past episodes
or learn more about the show at
lennyspodcast.com. [music]
See you in the next episode.